MRG: Docstring improvement adding more details to what the events array is. (#10056)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/glossary.rst

        a narrative overview.

    events
        Events correspond to specific time points in raw data; e.g., triggers,
        experimental condition events, etc. MNE represents events with integers
        that are stored in numpy arrays of shape (n_events, 3). The first
        column contains the event time in samples with :term:`first_samp`
        included. The last column contains the event integer code. The second
        column contains the signal value of the immediately preceding sample,
        and reflects the fact that event arrays sometimes come directly from

>         analg voltage channels, AKA "trigger channels" or "stim channels". In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        analog voltage channels, AKA "trigger channels" or "stim channels". In
```

>         most cases, the second column is equal to zeros and can be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        most cases, the second column is all zeros and can be ignored.
```
(more idiomatic)

        anatomically (based on physical structure of the cortex) or functionally
        (based on cortical response to specific stimuli).

    last_samp
        The :attr:`~io.Raw.last_samp` attribute of :class:`~io.Raw`
        objects is an integer representing the number of time samples that
        passed between the onset of the hardware acquisition system and the

>         time when data stopped to be recorded to disk. This approach to sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        time when data started to be recorded to disk. This approach to sample
```

Author: This one is last_samp, not first_samp, that I added since both are mentioned across the docstrings.

Reviewer: Oops. Sorry
